Ctrl + Space Shortcut for Selecting Whole Column Does Not Work on macOS (#11624)
handsontable/handsontable: docs/content/guides/navigation/keyboard-shortcuts/keyboard-shortcuts.md

| <kbd>**Ctrl**</kbd>+<kbd>**Enter**</kbd>                                                              | <kbd>**Cmd**</kbd>+<kbd>**Enter**</kbd>                                                             | Fill the selected range of cells with the value of the active cell                | &cross; | &check; |
| <kbd>**Delete**</kbd>                                                                                 | <kbd>**Delete**</kbd>                                                                               | Clear the contents of the selected cells                                          | &check; | &check; |
| <kbd>**Backspace**</kbd>                                                                              | <kbd>**Backspace**</kbd>                                                                            | Clear the contents of the selected cells                                          | &check; | &check; |

> <sup>\*</sup> Does not function on macOS with multiple keyboard setup.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>*</sup> Does not work on macOS with multiple keyboard layouts. To work around this issue, add <kbd>Fn</kbd> to the key combination.<br>
```
